Query Store Best practices - update the default Max Storage Size value (#7686)
MicrosoftDocs/sql-docs: docs/relational-databases/performance/best-practice-with-the-query-store.md

| Configuration | Description | Default | Comment |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |

> | MAX_STORAGE_SIZE_MB |Specifies the limit for the data space that Query Store can take inside the customer database |1000 |Enforced for new databases |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| MAX_STORAGE_SIZE_MB |Specifies the limit for the data space that Query Store can take inside the customer database |100 prior to SQL Server 2019<BR>1024 starting with SQL Server 2019 |Enforced for new databases |
```
